README.md, before:

# Electrical Engineering Master's Student at UPenn

Programming Languages & Frameworks: Figma, AWS, JavaScript, React Native, Typescript, C++, Python

## Education
- M.S., Electrical Engineering | University of Pennsylvania (_May 2026_)
- B.S., Bioengineering | University of Pennsylvania (_May 2025_)

## Work Experience

**Co-founder @ Atelic Inc.** (_March 2025–present_) · Philadelphia, PA
- Launched an iOS travel planning app ([Atelic](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/atelic-travel-planner/id6748835773)) to streamline trip planning. [Link to 1 min demo](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rMd6Nu6NFQNgw9s5bNyy2o475DyK9ci5/view)
- Helped 610 users plan 941 trips globally. Interviewed 300+ users
- Led development on React Native and AWS backend. Optimized UI/UX design
- Pitched and received $16,000 in grants from the Wharton School of Business

![Atelic Screenshot](/assets/Atelic_Screenshot.png)

**Fellow @ Widjaja Entrepreneurship Program** (_December 2024–December 2025_) · Philadelphia, PA
- One of 12 students selected for a 12-month program to develop entrepreneurship skills in creating, scaling, and leading high-growth technology ventures

**Software Engineer Intern @ Chorus** (_June–August 2025_) · Boston, MA
- Developed a test application to validate chlorine dioxide gas, pressure, humidity, and temperature sensors
- Test application reduced sensor validation time from 4 hours to 11 minutes
- ClO2 gas delivery system to kill mold and bacteria for cannabis and food cold storage facilities

**Manufacturing Engineer Intern @ Cepheid** (_May–August 2023_) · Sunnyvale, CA
- Programmed a computer-vision program in Python to detect injection molding short-shots in test cartridges
- Implemented on manufacturing lines which produce 20 million Covid-19 test cartridges per year

**Process Engineering Intern @ Molecular Assemblies** (_May 2022 - August 2022_)
- Process development for optimizing high throughput-line enzymatic DNA synthesis for CRISPR 
- Developed metrology studies to access filter lifetime of polyethylene frits and reagent % carry over risks
- Performed GageR&R, root cause analysis studies, and python programming on liquid handlers   

**Research Assistant @ University of Southern California: Laboratory of Oncology/AIDS Research (_July 2018 - January 2021_)**
- Developed microfluidic devices for HIV-1 blood sample preparation and detection.
- Integrated on-chip blood plasma separation with fluorescence detection of HIV-1 p24 antibodies

## Projects
### Atelic: Travel Planner

[App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/atelic-travel-planner/id6748835773) · [Link to 1 min demo](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rMd6Nu6NFQNgw9s5bNyy2o475DyK9ci5/view)

Atelic is a travel planning app that turns fragmented trip ideas into optimized, shareable itineraries with real-time feasibility checks. Our platform features a map-centric canvas with live optimization and integrated local data. It also has an itinerary generation engine, real-time collaboration, and Google/Uber/Instagram API integration. Since launching our app on October 30, 2025 we have helped 610 users create 914 trips globally. I led the initial customer disovery interviewing 300+ users, designed early mockups using Figma, built an MVP using React Native and AWS backend, launched a 3-month 80-person beta program to iterate UI/UX design based on user feedback, publically launched the product, and pitched/received $16,000 in grants from the Wharton School of Business.

[![Atelic Demo Thumbnail](/assets/Atelic_Demo_Thumbnail.png)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rMd6Nu6NFQNgw9s5bNyy2o475DyK9ci5/view)

### Microfluidic Device for Blood Plasma Separation and Fluorescence Detection of HIV-1 P24 Biomarkers 
[Publication](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.sna.2020.112482)

Developed a handheld diagnostic device for the detection of HIV-1 P24 Biomarkers. This microfluidic device successfully demonstrated blood plasma separation, with a 31.8% yield and 99.9% plasma purity, comparable to a traditional centrifuge. The fluorescent detection of HIV-1 P24 antibodies from a whole blood control demonstrated a detection limit of 17 pg/µL. This portable chip shows a potential of highly sensitive, quantifiable, and rapid disease diagnostics. 

![Blood Diagnostic Device](/assets/HIV_Detection_Microfluidic_Device.png)

### Wireless IoT IMU Controlled DJ Gloves 

[Demonstration](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1piwq2ZgpzOjEnAbGEd-KqYV-RUSKMKzg/view?usp=sharing)

Developed an IoT wireless IMU gloves connected to a DJ soundboard to recognize 6-axis gesture control to control volume, tempo, and pan of output speaker. Programmed using bare-meal embedded C and implemented SPI communciation, GPIO, and timers/interupts. Designed and lazar cut physical enclosure using Solid Works. Wireless communication of data was done using Zigbee protocol. 

![DJ Gloves](/assets/Dj_Gloves.jpg)

### Documentary Tahoe Rim Trail 100 Ultramarathon

[Documentary](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OV_XZTa8c1Y&ab_channel=StanleyLiu)

Ran, filmed, and produced a documentary entitled "Running 100 Miles: FAITH MOVES MOUNTAINS." The documentary documents my experience running the Tahoe Rim Trail 100, a 33-hour ultramarathon around Lake Tahoe. The race covers 100 miles, 18,000+ feet of elevation gain, and is at 8000+ feet of elevation. During the day temperatures rise as high as 97 degrees and drop to 51 degrees at night.  

[![Thumbnail_Ultramarathon](assets/Thumbnail_Ultramarathon.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OV_XZTa8c1Y&ab_channel=StanleyLiu)

### Fundraising for Greater Philadelphia Food Bank (Philabundance)

[GoFundMe](https://gofundme.com/Phili-Food-Banks)

Organized a fundraiser for the Greater Philadelphia Food Bank (Philabundance). Raised $1845 and ran 48 miles in 48 hours for Philabundance. Coordinated a social media campaign, mapped running routes, and led a group of 12 other runners from the University of Pennsylvania. 

![Clip](/assets/GoFundMe.png)

## Publications
1. Liu, S., Garg, N., Yoo, Paul., Lee, A., Rasheed, S., “A Microfluidic Device for Blood Plasma Separation and Fluorescence Detection of Biomarker using Acoustic Microstreaming”, Sensors and Actuators A: Physical, vol. 317 (2021) 112482, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.sna.2020.112482

## Interests
Trail Running, Ultramarathons, Christianity, Backpacking (Eagle Scout)

Commit message:

adding Synth to Soul project

README.md, after:

# Electrical Engineering Master's Student at UPenn

Programming Languages & Frameworks: Figma, AWS, JavaScript, React Native, Typescript, C++, Python

## Education
- M.S., Electrical Engineering | University of Pennsylvania (_May 2026_)
- B.S., Bioengineering | University of Pennsylvania (_May 2025_)

## Work Experience

**Co-founder @ Atelic Inc.** (_March 2025–present_) · Philadelphia, PA
- Launched an iOS travel planning app ([Atelic](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/atelic-travel-planner/id6748835773)) to streamline trip planning. [Link to 1 min demo](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rMd6Nu6NFQNgw9s5bNyy2o475DyK9ci5/view)
- Helped 610 users plan 941 trips globally. Interviewed 300+ users
- Led development on React Native and AWS backend. Optimized UI/UX design
- Pitched and received $16,000 in grants from the Wharton School of Business

![Atelic Screenshot](/assets/Atelic_Screenshot.png)

**Fellow @ Widjaja Entrepreneurship Program** (_December 2024–December 2025_) · Philadelphia, PA
- One of 12 students selected for a 12-month program to develop entrepreneurship skills in creating, scaling, and leading high-growth technology ventures

**Software Engineer Intern @ Chorus** (_June–August 2025_) · Boston, MA
- Developed a test application to validate chlorine dioxide gas, pressure, humidity, and temperature sensors
- Test application reduced sensor validation time from 4 hours to 11 minutes
- ClO2 gas delivery system to kill mold and bacteria for cannabis and food cold storage facilities

**Manufacturing Engineer Intern @ Cepheid** (_May–August 2023_) · Sunnyvale, CA
- Programmed a computer-vision program in Python to detect injection molding short-shots in test cartridges
- Implemented on manufacturing lines which produce 20 million Covid-19 test cartridges per year

**Process Engineering Intern @ Molecular Assemblies** (_May 2022 - August 2022_)
- Process development for optimizing high throughput-line enzymatic DNA synthesis for CRISPR 
- Developed metrology studies to access filter lifetime of polyethylene frits and reagent % carry over risks
- Performed GageR&R, root cause analysis studies, and python programming on liquid handlers   

**Research Assistant @ University of Southern California: Laboratory of Oncology/AIDS Research (_July 2018 - January 2021_)**
- Developed microfluidic devices for HIV-1 blood sample preparation and detection.
- Integrated on-chip blood plasma separation with fluorescence detection of HIV-1 p24 antibodies

## Projects
### Atelic: Travel Planner

[App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/atelic-travel-planner/id6748835773) · [Link to 1 min demo](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rMd6Nu6NFQNgw9s5bNyy2o475DyK9ci5/view)

Atelic is a travel planning app that turns fragmented trip ideas into optimized, shareable itineraries with real-time feasibility checks. Our platform features a map-centric canvas with live optimization and integrated local data. It also has an itinerary generation engine, real-time collaboration, and Google/Uber/Instagram API integration. Since launching our app on October 30, 2025 we have helped 610 users create 914 trips globally. I led the initial customer disovery interviewing 300+ users, designed early mockups using Figma, built an MVP using React Native and AWS backend, launched a 3-month 80-person beta program to iterate UI/UX design based on user feedback, publically launched the product, and pitched/received $16,000 in grants from the Wharton School of Business.

[![Atelic Demo Thumbnail](/assets/Atelic_Demo_Thumbnail.png)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rMd6Nu6NFQNgw9s5bNyy2o475DyK9ci5/view)

### SynthToSoul: Human vs. AI Music Detector

[Video Demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2JOW_FyJLlY) · [GitHub](https://github.com/mtp0326/SynthToSoul?tab=readme-ov-file)

Full-stack audio analysis application that distinguishes human-made from AI-generated music using a custom CNN trained on Mel spectrograms (GTZAN and SONICS datasets). For tracks classified as AI-generated, the system uses TorchOpenL3 embeddings and FAISS to find the top-k most similar human-made songs. Built a Python/Flask backend with PyTorch for binary classification and a React (Vite) + TypeScript frontend with a retro-vinyl themed UI, drag-and-drop uploads, and audio visualizations. Privacy-first: human-made uploads are deleted after analysis; only AI tracks are retained for similarity matching.

[![Synth to Soul](/assets/Synth%20to%20Soul.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2JOW_FyJLlY)

### Microfluidic Device for Blood Plasma Separation and Fluorescence Detection of HIV-1 P24 Biomarkers 
[Publication](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.sna.2020.112482)

Developed a handheld diagnostic device for the detection of HIV-1 P24 Biomarkers. This microfluidic device successfully demonstrated blood plasma separation, with a 31.8% yield and 99.9% plasma purity, comparable to a traditional centrifuge. The fluorescent detection of HIV-1 P24 antibodies from a whole blood control demonstrated a detection limit of 17 pg/µL. This portable chip shows a potential of highly sensitive, quantifiable, and rapid disease diagnostics. 

![Blood Diagnostic Device](/assets/HIV_Detection_Microfluidic_Device.png)

### Wireless IoT IMU Controlled DJ Gloves 

[Demonstration](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1piwq2ZgpzOjEnAbGEd-KqYV-RUSKMKzg/view?usp=sharing)

Developed an IoT wireless IMU gloves connected to a DJ soundboard to recognize 6-axis gesture control to control volume, tempo, and pan of output speaker. Programmed using bare-meal embedded C and implemented SPI communciation, GPIO, and timers/interupts. Designed and lazar cut physical enclosure using Solid Works. Wireless communication of data was done using Zigbee protocol. 

![DJ Gloves](/assets/Dj_Gloves.jpg)

### Documentary Tahoe Rim Trail 100 Ultramarathon

[Documentary](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OV_XZTa8c1Y&ab_channel=StanleyLiu)

Ran, filmed, and produced a documentary entitled "Running 100 Miles: FAITH MOVES MOUNTAINS." The documentary documents my experience running the Tahoe Rim Trail 100, a 33-hour ultramarathon around Lake Tahoe. The race covers 100 miles, 18,000+ feet of elevation gain, and is at 8000+ feet of elevation. During the day temperatures rise as high as 97 degrees and drop to 51 degrees at night.  

[![Thumbnail_Ultramarathon](assets/Thumbnail_Ultramarathon.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OV_XZTa8c1Y&ab_channel=StanleyLiu)

### Fundraising for Greater Philadelphia Food Bank (Philabundance)

[GoFundMe](https://gofundme.com/Phili-Food-Banks)

Organized a fundraiser for the Greater Philadelphia Food Bank (Philabundance). Raised $1845 and ran 48 miles in 48 hours for Philabundance. Coordinated a social media campaign, mapped running routes, and led a group of 12 other runners from the University of Pennsylvania. 

![Clip](/assets/GoFundMe.png)

## Publications
1. Liu, S., Garg, N., Yoo, Paul., Lee, A., Rasheed, S., “A Microfluidic Device for Blood Plasma Separation and Fluorescence Detection of Biomarker using Acoustic Microstreaming”, Sensors and Actuators A: Physical, vol. 317 (2021) 112482, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.sna.2020.112482

## Interests
Trail Running, Ultramarathons, Christianity, Backpacking (Eagle Scout)
